# Data-Analysis-Survey
This depository includes raw data from surveys of residents perceptions of the 2019-20 fire season and its impacts on soils and vegetation and code used to analyse this data in the following ways: 

Data were collected via an electronic survey. The survey was made available to research volunteers and survey data were collected through the online Qualtrics software from April through June 2022, approximately two years after the 2019-20 fire season ended in April 2020. All survey participants were asked questions regarding their demographics, how the 2019-20 fires compared to previous fire seasons, and how the 2019-20 fires influenced their perceptions and actions. All questions were optional, volunteers were only asked to complete the survey once, and no identifiable information was requested, preserving anonymity of research volunteers. 

The survey was composed of questions relating to demographics, fire season comparison, and 2019-20 fire season influence on perceptions and actions. At the end of each section, respondents were provided an opportunity to elaborate on their responses. Survey respondents were asked to report their age, gender, and whether the survey they had a direct experience with the 2019-20 fire season, i.e., owned, managed, or had another personal relationship to land in NSW that was burned by wildfire during the 2019-20 fire season. Residents were then asked to report whether total area burned, fire intensity, damage to vegetation, and damage to property and lives due to the 2019-20 fire season were less than typical, typical, or more than typical compared to previously observed fire seasons in NSW. Residents who did not live in NSW prior to the 2019-20 fire season were asked to abstain from answering these questions, yet all 37 research participants provided responses.

The code organises the results into tables, calculates percentages, and performs some statistical tests. For instance, for each set of “Before” and “After” question regarding perceptions, significant differences were identified using the ꭕ2 test by comparing the “observed” distribution of responses to the “After” question to the “expected” distribution of responses to the respective “Before” question using the following equation, ꭕ^2= ∑_(i=1)^(i=R)▒〖(Oi-Ei)〗^2/Ei, where R is the number of response options.

